In the next few segments,
I'm going to present a method for trajectory planning that
is useful in structured environments like highway driving.
To do that, I'll introduce the idea of Jerk minimization to
generate a nice trajectory from a start configuration to a goal configuration.
I will show you how to generate Jerk minimizing trajectories using polynomials and then
present a brief derivation on how to compute
the coefficients of the polynomial that solves our problem.
Then I will show you an example of what one such trajectory looks like on
the highway and how we can evaluate
its drive-ability and compare it to other trajectories.
Finally, I will show you how by generating many similar jerk minimizing
trajectories we can compare them
and select the best one for the situation we want to drive through.